i just thought i'd bring you along in my
car today
for a starbucks mcbang i've just been
from
a car mot and i just thought i would
catch up with you guys
over a starbucks i'm actually going to
try a new drink
my current fave has been like a coconut
latte so the plan is
i'm also thinking of doing like a q a i
put this on my story
last week i'm just going to answer a few
questions as well just keep it casual
catch up with you guys it's been a
minute hasn't it
especially since i've done like any sort
of like chatty
just like mukbang drive with me
just had by any means by georgia smith
on and
what a vibe this song is like if you're
going for like a breakup or something
this would be what i would listen to
i always think to george smith's songs i
feel like i hit a note but ah
going through the wrong one way oh i can
see the changes
just got to starbucks there's a bit of a
queue but nothing major
i actually used to sit in this starbucks
and edit a lot of my videos when i first
started out filming got really nice
little seating area
i feel like in america they have more
selection in the starbucks like they
have more like sugar-free syrups and
stuff like that
actually i've had a complete change of
thought i'm not gonna get um
what i've said i'm thinking maybe a
match tea
latte and um coffee like frappuccino
i don't want something like super sweet
hi and please could i get a matcha tea
latte with almonds
oh can you hear me sorry no i'm coming
home here yeah
and closer can you hear me now
just about yeah yeah and could i get a
matcha tea latte with almond
i'm so sorry i'm actually not getting
that one at the moment
oh okay do you do like a light um
a sugar-free frappuccino a coffee one
yeah
and we've got calorimeters in our
sugar-free vanilla
yeah sugar-free caramel with almond milk
please with almonds would you want the
cream on there
no thanks no no creams you don't want to
drizzle
no thanks no worries and an
ice grande coffee with three pumps of
sugar-free vanilla
with almond milk i'm so sorry
sugar-free vanilla did you say yeah
please yeah and then what was the first
sorry i've got actually the medium
action free last day at the moment
should we give another last day with
something else
no no that's it i should have got a chai
tea latte
i don't quite know what i've ended up
ordering there to be honest
oh gussy they didn't have the matcha in
i absolutely loved that yeah
perfect
[Music]
oh thank you sorry
i've seen it done oh my god
no i'm all right there thank you very
much yeah thank you
i'm so glad that wasn't a flipping hot
drink
oh can you imagine that he was really
sweet though she gave me so much blue
roll
so this is the grande ice latte
sugar-free vanilla
syrup with almond milk really really
nice
this looks delightful grande
caramel frappuccino almond milk
this is way nicer the ice latte is just
not as sweet but plain
i've just got all um my questions from
instagram on here first question how do
you cope with bad body image days do you
even have them
oh my goodness of course like i feel
like everyone has like just images where
you're feeling a bit rubbish i tend to
have mine particularly like when i'm on
my period i just feel really groggy and
my hormones are just all over the place
they tend to be when i have just bad
body image days and when i'm just
feeling like
sluggish within myself my way of coping
is just
probably around those days like just not
comparing to anyone and
just trying to be like just make more of
an effort to be
kinder to myself and whenever i do sort
of feel a bit rushed you just got to
remind yourself i guess like
what your body does for you like day in
day out
and i would just say make sure you're
not comparing yourself to
anyone else just try and be the best
version of you
rather than like focusing on anyone else
on instagram social media
and if you ever are feeling that way i
would just like limit your time
on social media and have a look at like
who you're actually
following if like how they're making you
feel a big
part of like body image comes down to
comparing yourself
which isn't something you can just fix
like that i just think like i said it's
like
little tweaks you can make i guess just
start asking yourself like say if you've
been scrolling on social media like
how how do i feel after being on social
media do you feel
more positive or do you feel sort of
more rubbish um
and just work on that really next
question is do you have any plans for
more
doggies no not at the moment um i would
honestly have a house full of dogs if i
could
i do think we would love a little friend
but i think mason
would actually move out if i got another
dog this one is a snacking problem
now i am actually the snack queen
there's nothing wrong with snacking at
all but
if it's becoming a problem where like
you're feeling like quite hungry after
say a main meal like lunch or breakfast
i would just
take into consideration like maybe
you're not giving yourself
um like a good enough portion or you're
not really filling
yourself up so each like plate make sure
you've got a source of like
carbohydrates your
vegetables vitamins a protein source and
always make sure your meals are made up
around those things and i think that
keeps me
fuller for a lot longer you can end up
eating way more calories
by snacking when you may as well just
have like a bigger main meal
so the next question is how to balance
work slash
social life with going to the gym
this is something that's taken me quite
a while but i think it just comes down
to like
trying to figure out your flow what
times you work
best and train best like some people
mason he seems to train better on an
evening whereas i'm such like a morning
person i feel like i get the best gym
sessions in first thing and then it's
just like boxed off for the day
everyone's completely different don't
feel pressured to be a morning person if
it's just not you
the benefits of obviously getting it
done in the mornings that you you know
you've not you've got more of an
evening we try and get for about quarter
past six get straight to the gym and get
my workout in by the time i'm home and
showered like
it's in time for like my work day to
start it's taking me a long time to
realise and sort of get to grips with
and
it doesn't happen overnight like finding
your float but when it does it's so much
better like
your friends and family are so important
so yeah next one is
what is the best way to get yourself
into a routine when working full-time so
this is kind of similar to the previous
question
trial out some like different routines
or like times of waking up i tried in
the past getting up at 5am i really
liked that for a bit
and then it didn't really work for me so
i'm mixing up i think
change is sometimes quite good i just
think being organized like having a
diary like i prefer
a written diary rather than on my phone
with any routine just make sure you
actually enjoy it otherwise it's not
going to stick
and it's just going to make your life
feel like a chore you want something
that
energizes you like once i when i've
worked out first thing in the morning
i feel like that be like
i just feel so empowered and ready to
start my day and stuff so
next one how did you get in touch with
jim shark
the gymshark actually emailed me and
we were talking over like a good few
months like nothing really happened like
that
so the next one is what's a good way to
get out of counting in calories
maybe if it's if you feel as though it's
been like excessive and you've just been
obsessing over calories it's definitely
such a good idea for your mental health
to stop that right away first step for
this is just
obviously acknowledge like we all need
to acknowledge every now and then
food is just food there's no good and
there's no bad foods do you think
excessive
calorie counting can generally come from
when you're following like a say a
really strict ridiculous like
fad diet or just being restrictive and
cutting out foods you enjoy like that
can honestly have a negative effect
i've been there in the past and that's
happened to me so i would just
really focus on having no like
set food groups that aren't allowed in
your diet and just having more of a
balanced
diet and go from there really because i
i honestly think that is what triggers a
lot of obsessive calorie counting
so yeah i hope that's helpful so the
next one is how did you get into your
crystals and
meditation my lovely friend claire
who i have known like since i was like
10 or something
she has actually always said to me oh
you should try meditation i thought it
was for like more religious people or
something along the lines of that
i started getting quite not stressed but
just like
feeling quite overwhelmed sort of last
year time and
that is when i tried like my first like
five minute meditation i just typed it
in on youtube followed a video
and literally straight away like noticed
such a difference from before
i did this meditation and afterwards and
all it was is just like checking in
with your breath and your thoughts and
just looking at things from like a
different perspective
and wow it's honestly changed my life
like it's helped me so much this year
especially with like clothing and stuff
and i do think it's getting a lot bigger
like a lot more people some of my
friends have also mentioned they
have started meditating and there's so
many different like styles of meditation
there's like breath work
like where you vision sort of stuff in
your head
so that is how i got in to meditation
and then crystal sort of like goes hand
in hand with that like
healing crystals um but yeah it was
mainly from my friend
claire and i'm so grateful actually
because it's really
had the most positive impacts like on my
mindset and
just helps me manage stress i do it 10
minutes in a morning and try and do 10
minutes on an evening it's how to deal
with the rest day's guilt
um so when i first started out probably
within like my first year or two
of training in the gym i definitely used
to like hate taking rest days
and i'd find myself like itchy to go to
the gym and feel like i'd
i were feeling like i was gonna lose all
my gains
and but you've just got to change your
mindset really because
rest days are so important for your
recovery you're not going to get results
without
letting your body rest and repair like
muscle tissue
so just really look at it in a different
way and realize that rest days
are sometimes way more productive than
any training day because that's when
your body recoups and stuff if you do
really struggle with rest days then try
taking it as like an active rest day go
for like
a steady warm instead so you still feel
like you're moving your body
or do some stretching on you the next
question is tips are struggling with
motivation okay so this one like
obviously we all have like our unmates
unmotivated days like we're not like
robotic and i feel like
we can often get ourselves wound up when
we wonder why we're like
not really feeling it or i know i have
in the past like i've
like got angry with myself the reality
is like you really can't rely on
motivation it's always gonna be
something that comes and goes but you've
just got
to keep pushing yourself but i think the
main thing
is having some goals set that are your
goals that you really want to meet
is what keeps me motivated it just comes
down to being honest with yourself like
if you really can't motivate us to do
something it generally is because it's
not
it's like how much you want that thing
or whatever you have in mind like that's
not just like fitness just in life
and if i'm ever being completely lazy
it's because i'm not enjoying it or it's
not really like
a massive goal of mine so i would just
say like go back to the drawing board
just get honest with yourself
what goes hand in hand with setting
goals is holding yourself accountable so
if it's with fitness
like say getting a coach or investing in
something that's an expense
so obviously that's going to help you
keep motivated
but also remember like anything worth
having
is never going to be easy when my alarm
goes off at like say 6 a.m
sometimes i was like i cannot bother to
get up but i know
i will always feel so much better for
getting up and like getting a workout in
and
it just becomes like a habit the more
and more you do it and make yourself
uncomfortable
realizing like yeah nothing worth having
is ever going to be comfortable and just
keep pushing out of your comfort zone
and like a lack of motivation just look
at how far you've already come
within a few months or from when you
first started out doing something
next one do you eat the same thing every
day for months or a week or just a day
funny one i find something i love so for
example i absolutely love protein notes
you guys must know this if you've
watched my what eat in a day
videos i could easily have that for like
breakfast lunch dinner obviously i don't
but
i have that for breakfast literally most
days i've no interest in
changing that any time but i do change
the toppings and flavors
i've been quite liking chocolate brownie
protein note but for lunch and dinner i
always mix them around
at the moment i've been loving the
chipolata
hex sausages in like a piece of bread if
i find something i
love i will just i'll repeat it for a
bit but i do mix it up at the same time
if that makes sense but in terms of
dinner
i always mix that up i never really have
the same thing there's no right or wrong
way to do it like some people find foods
they just love and
if if you don't want to change it don't
fix something that's not broken but for
me yeah i just kind of mix
i'm not completely strict next one is
anxiety in the gym
now i even still get this i was watching
some of my old videos and i remember
my old gym that i went to probably this
time last year actually
no no probably two years ago what i'm
going about um
i used to take the biggest tripod to put
my camera on
to the busiest gym you could imagine and
i just whacked my tripod out and
literally no cares in the world so
anxiety in the gym is something else
that comes and goes like some days
you will feel less anxious blah blah it
depends on how busy it is
this morning actually when i went to the
gym it was super busy and
it's my time of the month and i just
wasn't feeling great i would just say
first things first just to remember and
remind yourself this is something i
always
think and sort of go over in my head
people are so invested in their own
lives and like
in their own thoughts everyone's got
like their own stuff going on that they
might glance over to a few seconds and
then they'll just go back to their own
thoughts
and sometimes it can feel like the whole
gym is staring at you or someone's
staring right at you
but that yeah they'll probably just
glance for a few seconds and then just
go back to their own business like you
just think of yourself
in the gym like yeah you might look over
at someone or whatever
and then you'll just be thinking about
like what you've got to do that day what
you're gonna have for breakfast or
dinner or
you know make sure you go into the gym
with a plan it saves like any aimless
like wondering about where i felt the
most stressed in the gym or anxious
it's usually if i haven't had a plan and
i don't really know what i'm doing make
sure whatever you're wearing you feel
really comfortable in
that will just help so much i think with
any like gym anxiety
but the next question is do you do any
cardio if so how many times a week and
how long
thanks i don't do any like specific
cardio days at the moment
my main point of cardio just comes from
walking so i aim to do 10 000 steps a
day
and if you walk to penelope and on a
weekend i'll go on some like longer
walk sometimes i'll go on like a run but
maybe once
every two weeks or something it's not
something i do regularly like my main
form of training is weight resistance
training that's just what
suits me and my goals at the moment i
did get quite a few questions on like
morning routine
your morning routine like how you
managed to get up early because i'm
struggling
i feel like we all go through phases but
i've got this like little rule
i read this in was it david goggin vid
gorgonz yeah i think i read this in
our listeners in a podca podcast and
it's like the one two rule
so i you honestly after hearing me say
this i bet you you'll try it
in your car and stuff but rather than
like procrastinating so you know when
you're laying in bed and your alarm's
gone off and you go to snooze
or you think about like just closing
your eyes for two seconds
and then you end up falling asleep and
then waking up like an hour later or
whatever
um i've got the one two rule where i
just flame my head one two and then just
get straight up and not give myself
any time to think about or procrastinate
from getting up
and that honestly helped me so much so
like i do as well driving to the gym
like pre-sort of lock down the amount of
times i'd like drive to the gym and then
i spend
like 20 minutes on my phone just
scrolling
or ringing my dad or something um
so i do the same thing so i just go want
to get out the car go and get things
done
and it just saves so much time so with
your mornings try give that a go
like so do you know when you wake up try
that one two just jump straight out just
avoid
going on your phone that is a massive
thing actually
avoid your phone first thing in the
morning like you want to start your day
on like your terms not
on instagram's terms or i think so and
just delay that until you've got like
your main first big task done like going
to the gym
or getting a shower or whatever
what are your plans for christmas oh
god i don't know this year like
what on earth i don't know what
christmas is gonna be like this year
i know the german markets in the uk
they're not opening which is so sad i
love going there
um but last christmas we went to france
went to
the alps like it was like a skiing
christmas which was the most magical
thing ever
i'm really grateful that we got to go
there last year but i don't think
it'll be like we have to go in like a
shallow this year
but we went with my dad so my dad
i've got quite a small family um and
then all of like mason's fam
well most of mason's family apart from
his brother and dad
and that was really nice like both our
families and we had such a laugh
it was a week and it was in like a
chalet so we had like
food included it was so it was just so
much fun and just felt like a little
winter wonderland
kind of christmas um but this year i
don't know it's going to be in the uk i
think thinking of hiring
like some sort of house in the uk and
then just getting all like close family
and friends
um in one place which i thought would be
cute um
so that's like the only idea for
christmas really i don't know it's such
it's a weird time at the minute isn't it
like
with everything it's hard to plan in
advance but you know we'll get through
it
so the next so the next question is what
contraceptive
are you on and i've actually come off
all
contraceptives at the moment it's been a
bit of a weird few months like i changed
my pill
from the combined one to the
progesterone only and
it did not agree with me i did actually
do a video around like a good few
moments ago
when i did change my pill and it was
fine for the first few weeks and then i
just really started like feeling
very much not like myself quite snappy
and moody
and irritable and just did not agree
with me at all so i came
i've come straight off that pill and oh
i've been thinking about
going on the copper coil but i've heard
so many horror stories about
how that gets inserted just don't want
to put any more hormones into my body at
the moment like i really hope they bring
out some like new
methods like that both males can take as
well like it's crazy that as women
have you know there's so many different
types of concepts of when literally
the men's men's contraceptive the only
way basically is either a snip or a
condom
i've been on some sort of pill i did
actually go in the pill for the first
time
to help with like my acne when i was
younger and i do just feel like it's
putting like wallpaper over
a crack and i think it can hide like
these pills and stuff can hide a lot of
hormone imbalances
i definitely would like to discuss this
further
especially in a video when i've done
like more research
into it because it is something i've
really started thinking about over the
past few weeks
i'd love to share sort of like my
experiences in more depth i guess
so yeah i'm going to bring this video to
a bit of an end
i feel like i answered loads of
questions about it my voice is actually
going a bit
i've drank nearly both coffees loved
that
this was definitely really good yeah i
really hope you enjoyed
this video do let me know what you
thought in the comments down below
and i'd love to see you in the next
video make sure you are subscribed
join the familia i've got lots of new
different content coming up very soon
and i'll see you in the next video